So in this video
we're gonna download and instal
Amazon Corretto for the Mac platform.
Amazon Corretto is the JDK version 11
that we're gonna be using in this course.
And there's a video in this section of the course
that talks about the reasoning behind this particular
version of the JDK, if you're interested.
All right, so first we're gonna do a search for Amazon
Corretto.
C-O-R-R-E-T-T-O
And we're gonna just click on the link
to go to the page.
Come over and select...
Click on download Amazon Corretto 11.
Because we wanna use version 11
of the JDK.
And then we're gonna scroll down for the Mac version .
And we're gonna go ahead and download that.
I'll save that.
Leave it a moment to complete.
Once it's completed we'll go through
the installation process.
All right, so I'm gonna click on the downloaded file
now that it's finished downloading,
which starts the installer.
I'm closing the browser.
And the installation's pretty simple.
Click on continue.
Click on instal.
Type your password.
(types)
(confirmation chime)
And you can see it was quite a quick process.
I'm going to select the option after clicking close
to move to bin.
Because we no longer need the downloaded files.
Now I'm gonna do Control + Space and type terminal.
Press Enter.
I'm going to type Java + Space
Dash + version.
And what we're looking for is
It says open Open JDK 64-Bit Server VM Corretto-11.
So the 11 there stands for JDK version 11.
So that's good.
We can see that it's all installed successfully.
Now one last thing we need to do
is just open a finder window.
All right so after clicking that actually
we'll go back to main.
This is the main disc.
And we're gonna go into the library folder.
This is where the installation's going to be.
Come down to Java.
And under Java virtual machines.
All right, so that's the location.
On our computer.
The main disc, Library, Java, Java virtual machines
and then Amazon Corretto.
But other than that, that's now
the installation of Amazon Corretto JDK version 11.
Done and dusted.